but as we get going who has not said the
Creed yet to get their ponies on our
helmet at a few got quite a few that
haven't set them so we got to make sure
we get that done tonight
so anybody ready you're ready let's do
it right here man let's go let's say
what's a guy barnsey you're accountable
to each other to do what we say we will
do we have the energy and work ethic to
compete the highest level with a mental
and physical toughness to overcome all
virtually thrown away we are part of a
family for the team first 24/7 leave the
integrity always do what is right the
confidence with your faith in this
process will bring results we're a band
one play warriors let's give you more oh
you got come on Anthony Rick I wanna do
is able to grab the anything worth it
compared to hog hog though we're
mentally officially tough at our best
every day to overcome all adversities on
our way we're family was team first we
live and tell you to do is write all
times
well conference bleep and faith that our
process bring results where Brenda won't
play warriors where is heart we got
yes sir how you doing good is it hey
listen buddy doctor pants and me I'll
break you again if they hung up so now
the gasps yes
yeah we're getting Randy's range I'll go
get him right now so you already know
we're just we're basically asked on
saying just hear anything and in right
yeah oh yeah Oh Scotty exact yeah let's
get together I record poster that I'm
off okay so um what's your pen name
skill skills are crap
okay reason why I'm here is is we had a
break-in the other day and coach's
office
this one know if you guys knew me about
that no I'm fell hard a night with me
guys talking nobody says anything we're
okay and so nobody's been inside any
officers if you ever talked about it hey
I got this from nothing I mean these are
good guys I mean I trust these guys but
hey Oh next time fish talk to team vows
and you know somebody breaking in my
office and getting on there and a few
other things so we had obviously you
guys know we got into new facilities up
there in our renovating our new offices
and we've had some break-ins okay and it
had just been my office my office was
was broken into and and took some things
and nothing of huge value but pretty
sentimental to me but again that stuff
right there I you know I can be replaced
just it just kind of pisses me off kind
of sets me that you know that maybe
maybe you know hopefully I would like to
think that there's not none none of us
in here they would they would do that
all right just so you know exactly what
was taken out of my office
all right you know exactly what was
taken out unbelievable
un-freakin'-believable
but garrett Kirstie's we're going to
reward you with athletic scholarship
practice for tomorrow I definitely want
to talk about that but also have another
envelope right here so Jackson Mitchell
if you'll come on
Broly
alright hey listen listen listen okay so
I'm in the team meeting room right now
and I wanted to call and tell you guys
that I got put on scholarship mom uh are
you are you sitting down um I'm in the
team meeting room right now a football
and I got it I got to tell you something
I just got put on scholarship
you're really good
yeah
great pride to see the words like today
pay off so let's get a picture of those
two guys right there brother scholarship
man
you